some end to stretch marks for good find
out what experts are saying about a new
laser treatment ours of pregnancy or of
rapid weight gain many treatments have
been tried most with little or no
success but a new laser treatment takes
a radically different approach and it
was pioneered by a local doctor CBS 2's
dr. Mike Rosen checks it out Alicia
Saraceno is a petite 120 pounds but when
she was pregnant with her daughter
Isabella she gained 50 pounds more today
her stomach insides are marred by
stretch marks they actually looked like
I was being closed last year Roseanne
Caputo gained 25 pounds but when she
lost the weight she too had stretch
marks I figured once I have them that's
it I'm stuck with them but a new laser
procedure approved by the FDA just three
months ago can now make stretch marks
barely visible
it was the treatment of the so-called
Michael Jackson disease the blotchy skin
condition called vitiligo that caught
the attention of stretch mark
researchers they figured if the laser
could repigmentation cells that are
still there and in a sense it wakes them
up a session takes only about five
minutes it's painless creates little
redness and does not scar on average
about nine sessions are required and
although the skin may still be ridged
dr. goldberg claims there's no risk at
all when used properly the SA kappa
alicia has had just one treatment on
each of her sides and she sees a visible
difference I'm hoping these now so these
won't come out so much when I when I get
pregnant again this is Roseanne's fifth
treatment and hers have nearly
disappeared it was just a reminder of
how heavy I wasn't how unhappy I was
it's good now thanks to laser therapy
even the scars are gone the treatment is
costly from 200 to 400 dollars per
session and it's not reimbursed by
insurance